{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1133928734\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid-953240388\'01-;}{\levelnumbers;}\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af0\fbias0 \fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23
\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li1440\jclisttab\tx1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li2160\jclisttab\tx2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0
\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li2880\jclisttab\tx2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li3600\jclisttab\tx3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693
\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li4320\jclisttab\tx4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698689\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}
\f3\fbias0 \fi-360\li5040\jclisttab\tx5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698691\'01o;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fbias0 \fi-360\li5760
\jclisttab\tx5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698693\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f10\fbias0 \fi-360\li6480\jclisttab\tx6480\lin6480 }
{\listname ;}\listid752509871}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid752509871\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid8482110}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6612;}{\info{\author Carson Knittig}{\operator carson}{\creatim\yr2006\mo2\dy2\min18}
{\revtim\yr2006\mo3\dy28\hr9\min58}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords1100}{\nofchars6275}{\*\company BioWare Corp.}{\nofcharsws7361}{\vern16389}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot8482110 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\insrsid8482110 Ralak's Needy List - v1.6}{\b\f1\insrsid8482110 2}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Features}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par 
\par A 'Needy List' button, under which all the needy units will be listed.  This button can be dragged around the screen and determines where your list will show up.
\par 
\par Each needy unit is displayed in a targeting box, each of which features:
\par - A frame that displays the buffs and debuffs on that unit.
\par \tab - Each buff and debuff has a tooltip associated with it, so you aren't required to know what the icons all mean.
\par - Name, health, and mana (or whatever other power type that player uses).
\par \tab - Mouse-over the health and mana to display the numeric values of them.
\par - A colour coded background.
\par \tab - The color of the frame is based on the color you choose in your configuration.
\par - A frame that displays icons representing the current needs of that unit.
\par \tab - Simply click on a need icon and that need will be cured.
\par \tab - For the heal need, you can set up spells or items to use in the 'configure spells' dialog box.  To use an item, simply place its name within square brackets.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110\charrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.62}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8482110 {\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 - Fixed a long standing bug with need icons sticking where they shouldn\rquote t have been.
\par - Updated for version 1.10 of the game.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.61}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Added mana monitoring for druids.
\par - Added whisper notification option for spell casts.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.60}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Updated for game version 1.9.
\par - Added new Paladin buffs to needs.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.59}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Added an option to show heal buffs.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.58}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Added an option to show tooltips (on by default).
\par - Added an option to use large need icons (off by default).
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.57}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Configuration wasn't being generated correctly and was causing some players to get error messages.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.56}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Quick fix to get Omen of Clarity to actually work.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.55}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Add Omen of Clarity as a need for druids.
\par - Add feedback as a need for human priests.
\par - Updated TOC version for game version 1.8.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.54}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Add an option to invert the list, so it grows from the bottom up.
\par - Add health threshold range, so that a player is added to the list only when they go below the threshold, and is removed from the list when they go above the threshold PLUS the range. This will fix the issu
e of players bouncing on and off the list when they are sitting near the health threshold.  For now, this has been hard-coded at 5%.
\par - Add the ability to use items as heal cures.  To use, open the configure spells dialog box, and place the item name in squ
are brackets [ ].  For example, in the left click heal spell, you could type [Silk Bandage] and then left clicking the 'heal' need icon will use a Silk Bandage from your inventory.  Be aware that setting a heal potion as a cure spell will always use that 
potion on you (because that's just how potions work).
\par - Finally got debuff detection actually working.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.53}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - When the spell does not require a target, do not clear the target.  For example, with detect traps.  Only happens with self-only spells when you have a friendly target.
\par - When casting a friendly spell using the need icons, make sure to switch the unit back to the previous unit (was not switching back to previously selected friendly unit).
\par - Debuff detection a bit more robust, please let me know if there are still problems with it!
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.52}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Fixed Well Fed need.  Was not detecting when you were well-fed.
\par - Fixed glitch with Dispel Magic(Rank 1) not casting on left click if you didn't have Rank 2.
\par - Updated debuff details to allow for 16 debuffs instead of the previous maximum of 8.
\par - Updated the version for official patch 1.7.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.51}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Enforce a 'no spaces' rule on comma separated lists in the configuration as that breaks the string comparisons in a number of places.  Much simpler to just limit those edit boxes to not save spaces, since they are never valid in a unit name anyway.

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.5}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Add a command to Cure the first need on the first unit in the needy list (/nlcure).
\par - Add a heal icon to needs when the player needs health.  Clicking it will cast the default heal spell (at max rank), right-clicking will cast the alt
ernate heal spell (at max rank), middle-clicking will cast the second alternate heal spell.  If you specify a rank, it will always use that rank.  EG:  Heal(Rank 1)
\par - Add option to re-sort list on a timer.  This would simply involve adding a 'sort' portion
 to the refreshallunits function.  Would require storing needy units in a temporary table based on their top priority need, and then placing them into the needy list in a top down order (if health is the need, could even use health percentage to sort them
).  The list is not sorted when the mouse is over a need frame
\par - Have right clicks on needs cast alternate spell based on your class.  EG for dispel magic have right click cast rank 2, left click rank 1.  Tooltips explain.
\par - Option to show health lost (damage) rather than current health as a number.
\par - Add a command to sort the list (/nlsort).  It is really only useful if you're not using the auto-sort.
\par - I decided to skip the idea of only showing resurrection as a need when the player is not in combat.  The reason I skipped is because you can just put resurrection as a low priority, and it will never bump more important units off the bottom of the list.

\par - Added Battle Shout as a need.
\par - Bug fix: The sell prices disappeared sometimes at merchants.  I believe this same problem was causing a crash as well.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Changes in Version 1.42}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par - Don't display mind vision from the priest as dispellable debuff because you can debuff the mind vison from the caster, and this will simply annoy him.
\par - When removing a unit, add a replacement if the list was full before removal.
\par - Add needs for shaman lightning shield and weapon buffs (Rockbiter, Flametongue, Frostbrand, Windfury)
\par - Add mainhand and offhand poisons to needs for rogue.
\par - Add clicks to health and mana bars that just call NLMember_OnClick (make sure to register all mouse buttons)
\par - Unit filters on needs were not using names after the first one specified.
\par - Set the maximum number of characters in the unit name based on the frame width.
\par - Add an option to hide the need list if not in a raid group.  Show needy list:  Solo  Party  Raid
\par - Options to show buffs and debuffs separately rather than together in one details frame.  Make sure the height of each frame matches the targeting box height (or less, exactly like need icons).
\par - Changed default poison cure for druids from abolish poison to cure poison.  (I will be adding right-clicking to cast alternate 'abolish poison' in the next version.)  This will allow lower levels druids to cure poison using the needs icons, and will al
so provide the lower mana option by default.
\par - Add touch of weakness to undead priest need configs.
\par 
\par Configuration dialogs, which can be displayed by either right-clicking the needy list button, or using the command explained below.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 Commands}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 :
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 /nlconfig}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110  \endash  Open the configuration dialog.  This is used when the needy list button is no longer present because it has been disabled.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 /nlcure}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110  \endash  Cures the top priority need on the top priority unit.  This command only works in a macro, as spellcasts must be triggered by keypress.
\par }{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110 /nlsort}{\f1\fs20\insrsid8482110  \endash  Sorts the needy list by need priority.  This command is mostly useful if you're not using the auto-sort option.
\par 
\par }}